[Autogenerated] Now let's go ahead and dive into using
Lambda functions in a stateless architecture.
So by default, Lambda functions are treated as stateless.
Compute.
They spin up, they complete their work and then they spin back down.
After a short period of time,
any data within those functions should be treated as stateless.
So you're not relying on Lambda to save it now to demo this,
I'm going to stand up a server lis application here.
So let me go ahead and do this now.
And what it's doing is it's going to create a new
surveillance application with some functions.
It's going to create a dynamodb table in an a p a gateway,
all via a cloud formations stack.
Now the serverless framework is pretty popular,
and it just basically serves as a rapper around
cloud formation in its own syntax.
I'll go ahead and fast for this clip, and then once it's done creating,
will go ahead and resume.
Okay, so now our stack has finished deploying.
You can see the service name.
Our region is US East one and it created 35.
Resource is so we see all of our a p I m points here as
well as our functions that match up.
So let's go back to the console.
I'll refresh.
We see our cloud formations stack and under resource is we see
all of our resource is that were created.
And if I go to dynamodb table and refresh here,
we'll see a server lis table created.
Now we also have some A p I gateways.
So let me go ahead and refresh that and go into here in the A P.
A.
Gateway serves as an A P I interface for us to hit to interact
with these lambda functions On the back end,
you can see we have several that were created.
Now,
what this server lis application really does is it tracks a to do
list in dynamodb that we can manipulate as needed.
So let's go ahead and we'll go ahead and create a to do in our list.
So I'm gonna have to find the post method under our stage of Dev's.
Let me copy this, and what I'll do is I'll scroll over to my terminal here,
I'll make some space and that I'm going to run a simple curl.
Come in.
Now what this is doing is We're running a post.
As you can see.
So on.
Http post were pointing at our execution.
A p i your l We have our Dev stage and then are two DUIs
resource and then we're passing data in Jason.
Format of text is study for s a pro exam.
So I hit Enter, we get a response.
You see, we get an I d.
We see the text we specified.
It's checked as false, so it hasn't been done yet.
And then we have the created an updated at time stamps.
So now if I go back to the consul here and go to my table if we look at items,
there we go.
We see our text item here with that I d.
So that's perfect.
Let's create one more just for testing saw scroll back.
I'll go up here and let's just say we want to study for the Dev Ops pro like
enter and we get another valid response from our a p a gateway.
So if I refresh,
we see both and none of this data was stored within the limbo function.
It just spun up and then spun back down after it was done
interacting with our data and storing it in Dynamodb.
So there's nothing long living in this function here.
It simply performs a certain action.
And then it stores that data in our dynamodb table, which is visible here.
So Dynamodb would be our state full resource and then land
of functions are are stateless ones.
Let's go ahead and list all of our two DUIs,
so I'll go back to my consul here and then I'm just curling,
which is going to do a get on our two deus resource for a P I.
So I hit enter and we see both of our two DUIs that we added to our list.
Here's study for Dev Ops Pro and Study for S April.
So let's say I want to update one of these.
Well, I do have an update a p I.
So let me copy this.
I d really quickly and then all paced back in here
and you'll see we're running a put,
which is updating its going to invoke that update
function on our two DUIs resource.
And then we passed the I d of the object or item in dynamodb.
Now I need to change this really quickly.
I want to change this to learn, Dev Ops Pro.
And what we're doing here is we're making it a true on the check mark.
So we're seeing hate.
We did this.
It's checked off our list.
So now when I run,
this will get a response and you'll see that our value has
changed to checked of true on our Jason response.
And if I go back to my table, will see that represented here.
So that's how you can use in a.
W s lambda function to go ahead and perform some type of data
storage on a state ful resource on the back end.
Now, this is not limited to dynamodb.
You can do it with any state fullback in even s3 and R.
D s.
But this just demos a quick and simple example of how we can leverage
thes stateless technologies to perform actions.
Let's go ahead and break here, and in the next,
clips will start discussing the different instance life
cycles that are available to us from A.
W. S